Vof improve surface tension (#690)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/multiphysics/rising-bubble/rising-bubble.rst

where :math:`{\bf{v}}` is a vector test function, :math:`\bf{\psi}` is the filtered phase fraction gradient, :math:`\eta_n = \alpha h^2` is the phase fraction gradient filter value with :math:`h` denoting the cell size, and :math:`\phi` is the phase fraction.

.. math::

    \int_\Omega \left( v k + \eta_k \nabla v \cdot \nabla k \right) d\Omega = \int_\Omega \left( \nabla v \cdot \frac{\bf{\psi}}{|\bf{\psi}|} \right) d\Omega

where :math:`k` is the filtered curvature, and :math:`\eta_k = \beta h^2` is the curvature filter value, and :math:`v` is a test function.

.. tip::

  The phase fraction gradient filter value (:math:`\eta_n = \alpha h^2`) and curvature filter value (:math:`\eta_k = \beta h^2`) must be small values larger than 0. The values of :math:`\alpha` and :math:`\beta` are controlled respectively by the parameters ``phase fraction gradient filter factor`` and ``curvature filter factor``  in the parameter file.
  We recommend the following procedure to choose a proper value for these parameters:

  1. Enable ``output auxiliary fields`` to write filtered phase fraction gradient and filtered curvature fields.

>   2. Choose a small value, for example, :math:`\alpha = 4` and :math:`\beta = 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Choose a value close to 1, for example, the default values  :math:`\alpha = 4` and :math:`\beta = 1`.
```

  3. Run the simulation and check whether the filtered phase fraction gradient and filtered curvature fields are smooth and without oscillation.
  4. If the filtered phase fraction gradient and filtered curvature fields show oscillations, increase the value :math:`\alpha` and :math:`\beta` to larger values, and repeat this process until reaching smooth filtered phase fraction gradient and filtered curvature fields without oscillations.

The interface sharpening method and its parameters are explained in the :doc:`../dam-break/dam-break` example:

.. code-block:: text

  #---------------------------------------------------
  # VOF
  #---------------------------------------------------
  subsection VOF
    subsection interface sharpening
      set enable              = true
      set threshold           = 0.5

>       set interface sharpness	= 1.4

Reviewer 2: To align if possible
